Clarify the instructions for 'if your CI checks fail' (#452)
oppia/oppia-web-developer-docs: If-CI-checks-fail-on-your-PR.md

  * [Failures in the merge queue](#failures-in-the-merge-queue)
* [Figuring out whether the failure is due to your PR or an existing issue](#figuring-out-whether-the-failure-is-due-to-your-pr-or-an-existing-issue)
  * [What to do if the failure is due to your PR](#what-to-do-if-the-failure-is-due-to-your-pr)
  * [What to do if the failure is due to an existing issue](#what-to-do-if-the-failure-is-due-to-an-existing-issue)

## General instructions

If your PR build fails, do not despair! Follow these instructions:

1. Scroll down to the bottom of the PR thread until you see the results of the continuous integration (CI) tests that ran.

1. If you see a warning that your PR has a **merge conflict**, you will need to resolve the conflict. (If not, you can skip this step.) To resolve a merge conflict, follow the "merge from develop" instructions in  [step 5 of our PR guide](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki/Rules-for-making-PRs#step-5-address-review-comments-until-all-reviewers-approve). Once you push the merge commit to your feature branch on GitHub, the merge conflict message will disappear.

> 1. At the bottom of the PR thread, you will see a set of results that looks similar to the following. (**Note:** If your failure happens in the merge queue, you might need to click on "View details" to see the corresponding table.)

Reviewer: what's the "corresponding table"? If it's the table of results in the screenshot, how about "to see the results."?

Author: Done.

     ![Screenshot of PR CI results](images/ghciSample.png)

   In the example above, the lint checks and Mypy checks have failed. Also, two checks were skipped due to the failure of one of the e2e tests. (This is because, in the event of an e2e test failure, any remaining e2e tests that are queued or currently running will be terminated and marked as "skipped.") The rest of the tests have passed.

1. Look for the specific test that is failing, and click the "Details" link next to the failing test to go to the GitHub Actions page for that test run. (If multiple tests are failing, do this and the following steps for each of the failures separately.)

1. In GitHub Actions, select the job under 'Jobs' to see the logs for that particular job.

> 1. Read the GitHub Actions log to figure out what the actual failure is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read the GitHub Actions log to figure out what the underlying failure is.
```

maybe? While we use "actual failure" a lot, it might be hard for someone new to understand because it suggests a contrast to fake failures

Author: Done.

     ![Screenshot of GitHub Actions CI logs page](images/githubActionsLogs.png)

> 1. Search for the error message on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/issues) to see whether the error has been reported before. If there's an open issue for the same error, see [What to do if the failure is due to an existing issue](#what-to-do-if-the-failure-is-due-to-an-existing-issue), below.

Reviewer 2: What should the developer do when there are multiple issues in the pr? Do they open multiple issues or 1?

Author: They should open multiple issues. I have clarified this under "Look for the specific test ... " instruction above -- thanks!

Reviewer 2: Maybe I missing something, but I don't see anything in the changes that state to open multiple issues if there is more than one?

1. Otherwise, the error might be due to your PR, and you'll need to investigate it further. See [Figuring out whether the failure is due to your PR or an existing issue](#figuring-out-whether-the-failure-is-due-to-your-pr-or-an-existing-issue), below.

> ### Why is an unrelated CI check failing on my PR?

Reviewer: I think we need some reference here to the instructions below for determining whether a failure is due to the PR. Otherwise devs might too quickly jump to the conclusion that failures aren't because of their changes

Author: Good point ... I moved this section to the bottom so that it is more of a reference, and added a note at the end that points to how to report flakes. That way, the other sections should at least be read before this one is.

  * If an incorrect PR was recently merged to develop, this could cause the tests to fail. If you see the same failure happening on the [develop branch](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/actions?query=branch%3Adevelop), please follow the [[Revert and Regression Policy|Revert-and-Regression-Policy]] immediately so that we can revert the problematic changes as soon as possible. Otherwise, this will start to affect all the PRs and block the development workflow completely.

### Failures in the merge queue

If the CI checks pass on your PR, but you only see a failure in the merge queue when attempting to merge, do the following:

1. Verify that the issue is not due to your PR (see [Figuring out whether the failure is due to your PR or an existing issue](#figuring-out-whether-the-failure-is-due-to-your-pr-or-an-existing-issue), below).

1. Follow the instructions in [What to do if the failure is due to an existing issue](#what-to-do-if-the-failure-is-due-to-an-existing-issue), below (i.e. ensure that an issue is filed for the failure, and leave a comment on it).

> 1. Leave a comment on your PR that (a) provides a link to the issue above, and (b) explicitly ask the maintainers to force-merge your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Leave a comment on your PR that (a) provides a link to the issue showing that the failure is due to an existing problem, and (b) explicitly ask the maintainers to force-merge your PR.
```

do we want to force-merge or re-run the check (since the failure could be hiding an actual problem with the PR)?

Author: I would say force-merge since this is the case where the failure happens in the merge queue (so the checks would already have passed on the main PR).

## Figuring out whether the failure is due to your PR or an existing issue

> If there isn't an open issue already corresponding to the failure you are seeing, then either your code could be wrong, or the test/check on Oppia's develop branch could be incorrect. You will need to determine which of these cases it is.

Reviewer: there could also be an error on develop outside the test/check code

Author: Thanks, fixed.
